You've discovered one of three
ways to get on my bad side.
Congrats.
One, interrupt me while I'm
eating something delicious.
Two, interrupt me while
I'm in the middle of gaming.
And then, three, interrupt
me while I'm sleeping!
[THIEVES groaning]
[YUNA]
I found you.
Hello, boys. I'm here to
make you pay for your crimes.
What the hell are
you talking about?!
[chuckles]
[gasps]
Uh, who're they?
[YUNA yawns]
Hey, Miss Atola.
Good morning.
Yuna?!
[YUNA]
Get this.
I caught these two thieves
who snuck into my room
and attacked me while I was
trying to sleep last night.
[gasps]
And then, I went to
their secret hideout,
so I could confront
the rest of their gang.
You what?! For real?
Yep, and now that
it's taken care of,
I'm going to go back to bed.
You can handle the rest.
[ATOLA grunts]
Whoa, hold on a second!
What now? Can't I
just sleep already?
I'm gonna need you to
tell me the whole story!
[YUNA]
There you have it.
I ended up spending the
whole night chasing down thieves
and haven't gotten an ounce
of rest. I'm beyond tired.
Wow. I knew you were strong,
but this is crazy.
Well, to be fair,
my bears helped me out a lot.
[KUMAKYU, KUMAYURU]
Kuma!
Uhh... Wait, so you're saying
your bears attack other people?
Only the people who threaten me,
so you should be perfectly safe
as long as you aren't
a bad person or anything.
[ATOLA grunts]
Right...
[THIEF BOSS 10A groans]
The last thing I remember is
getting attacked by a she‐bear.
[THIEF BOSS 10A gasps]
Spill it, thug.
[THIEF BOSS 10A grunts]
Who's in charge
of your operation?
[ZARRAD] Those pieces
of trash are running late.
When are they going to bring
that bear girl's item bag to me?
It should've been an easy job.
[ZARRAD] Oh, well.
It's almost time to pack up.
This town has
practically run dry
and there's barely
anything left for me to steal.
Once I get that
ridiculous girl's item bag,
I'll grab whatever I can
and then I'm out of here.
[knocking]
[GUILDSMAN 10A]
Excuse me? Mister Zarrod?
[ZARRAD]
What do you want?
Excellent news!
The thieves blocking the
road outside of town are gone!
Apparently, they were
defeated by an adventurer.
Say what now?!
We'll be able to reestablish the
trade routes to our food supply.
The great famine as we know it
is finally over, sir!
The thieves are
being interrogated
by Miss Atola as we speak!
Seriously?!
Huh?
[ZARRAD]
This is terrible.
Uh, Mister Zarrad?
[ZARRAD groans]
[ZARRAD] I have to grab
as much as I possibly can,
and then make tracks!
[ATOLA] Seems like
you're in quite the hurry.
[ZARRAD]
Hm?
[ZARRAD grunts]
[ZARRAD]
Atola?
Surprise, surprise.
You have the things that
were stolen by the bandits.
[yawns]
[YUNA]
I'm so tired.
Now how is it that said items
came to be in your possession?
What? Nonsense!
You must be mistaken!
Every single thing in this
room was acquired legally!
That's strange;
we heard a different story.
[ZARRAD grunts]
Who are these fools?
[THIEVES]
Mm...
They filled us in
on all the details‐‐
including how you paid
them for their services.
The "band of thieves" act
was quite convincing.
[ZARRAD grunts]
You capitalized on
the kraken's appearance.
Then hired adventurers
who posed as thieves
and blocked the
route outside of town,
trapping us from all sides.
Then you controlled the food
supply for the entire city.
Meaning that you could then
sell it for outrageous prices.
To top it all off, you pocketed
any valuables that were stolen
from the townspeople.
That everything?
[YUNA yawns]
[growls] Move it!
Stupid gir‐‐ [groans]
Ah...
[YUNA]
Oof, that's gonna leave a mark.
Get this man out of my sight.
Right.
[ATOLA]
Thank you, Yuna.
[YUNA]
Huh?
Without your help,
we wouldn't have uncovered
the evidence we needed.
We've suspected that
Zarrad was behind everything
for quite a while now.
We just didn't
have any solid proof.
Jeez, couldn't you've just told
me all that from the get‐go?
I wanted to, but it seemed
like every adventurer
from our guild
was working for him,
so I couldn't afford to trust
you until I was absolutely sure.
At least everything's
back to normal.
Now the coastal road
can be reopened.
The sea route is still a bust
due to the whole kraken
in the harbor thing,
but, hey, one problem
at a time, am I right?
Suppose so... Yeah.
Way to go kid! Word around
town is that you saved us all!
Now we don't have to worry
about those pesky bandits
blocking the road anymore!
You're amazing, Miss Yuna!
Aw, man, this is
really embarrassing.
I asked Miss Atola
not to tell anybody.
[laughs] Well, squashing a rumor
is like trying to unring a bell.
Yeah, and the people
from the Adventurer's Guild
already confirmed
your involvement!
[groans]
[DEIGHA]
We both wanted to reward you.
Huh?
So we made you a special meal.
Anz, are you done with
the preparations yet?
[ANZ] Yep, it should be just
about ready to go. Lemme check.
[YUNA]
Hm? What's she making?
I guess you'll find
out when it's ready.
[YUNA]
Hm?
[ANZ]
First up, grilled fish!
[gasps]
[ANZ] And if you're
eating grilled fish,
then you gotta have this.
It can't be.
Steamed rice?!
There's more!
Miso soup and soy sauce, too!
[DEIGHA chuckles]
So you're familiar with
miso soup and steamed rice?
Uh, yeah.
That's great! Rice,
grilled fish, and miso soup.
Top your fish off with a
little soy sauce and ta‐dah!
You've got yourself
the ultimate food combo!
[YUNA]
I was expecting fish
because we're so
close to the sea,
but I never imagined I'd see
a complete Japanese meal here!
[gasps] Real chopsticks?
[heart beats]
How is it?
Whoa, tears?!
Is it not to your
taste, Little Bear?
[YUNA munching]
It's delicious, like so
delicious, it's making me cry!
This is it!
It's a dream come true.
You guys have no idea how
long I've been searching for
the taste of my hometown like
this!
Your hometown?
Wait a second, are you
from the country of Wa?
[YUNA]
Country of Wa?
Yes, am I wrong?
Well, I'm not from there,
but if this is a good
example of what they eat,
then it seems
like they have food
very similar to my hometown.
And the taste reminds
me so much of home
that I couldn't
help but start crying.
Ah. I'm glad that you
appreciate it so much.
And I wish that I could
make you even more food
from the country of Wa,
but unfortunately
we're out of ingredients.
Yeah, before the kraken
took up shop in the harbor,
we got shipments
with ingredients
from the country
of Wa once a month.
[YUNA]
Huh?
I've gotta defeat that kraken.
[YUNA] All I really
know about this thing
is that it's weak to fire,
but I can't even get close
to it because of the ocean.
[YUNA] I could try
fighting it on a boat,
but I doubt that would end well.
How do you guys
feel about swimming?
[BOTH]
Kuma!
[splashing]
[YUNA chuckles]
You're naturals!
Kuma!
[YUNA] Except... no matter
how good they are at swimming,
we're gonna be in
big trouble as soon as
the kraken decides
to dive underwater.
[YUNA]
Think, Yuna.
There's gotta be another way.
[BOY 11A]
C'mon, hurry up!
Uh?
[BOY 11B shouts]
[gasps]
[BOY 11A]
Great job! Let's go!
[BOYS laughing]
Okay, Kumakyu!
This is the moment when
we change bear history!
[KUMAKYU grunts]
Let's go!
We fly!
A bear that can't fly,
is just a bear!
[YUNA, KUMAKYU scream]
[YUNA] Yeah, dumb idea.
Kumakyu is a land bear.
Obviously.
[YUNA]
What else?
[GIRL 11A]
Look, Mommy!
My bubble is ginormous!
I see! It's beautiful!
[YUNA gasps]
Check out my air bubble!
Let's do this thing!
Underwater kraken fight is a‐go!
Now, eat fireballs, you monster!
[YUNA groaning]
Death by drowning,
no thank you! Bad idea.
[gasps]
Behold, the mysteries
of the East!
The skills of the legendary
Japanese bear‐girl ninja!
Ugh... This is pointless.
Thanks to the lack of sleep,
I can only think of weird
ideas that end with me dying.
I should really go
and get some rest.
[YUNA]
Hmm... What if I part the sea?
Hi‐yah!
[KRAKEN roars]
[YUNA] Too biblical.
Not to mention, impossible.
[YUNA]
Could I guide it to land?
[KRAKEN growls]
Except that there's no point
if I can't keep it there.
[sighs]
[YUULA]
Hi there, Yuna!
[YUNA]
Miss Yuula!
Perfect timing!
I was actually just about
to go looking for you.
Why, is something the matter?
No, quite the opposite.
We were able to get some
seafood from a friend of ours
and we wanted to
invite you over for dinner
to thank you properly.
[YUULA]
Who's ready to eat?
Fair warning, dinner tonight
is a bit extravagant.
But we wanted to celebrate the
reopening of the coastal route.
It's a seafood hotpot with fish
and vegetables from Mileela!
[gasps] It smells so amazing!
Okay, then.
[ALL]
Thank you for the food!
Hotpot. Wow.
[BROTHER 10A] Oh, boy,
I can't wait to dig in!
Whoa, hold on.
This meal is to thank Miss Yuna.
We should wait until
she's served herself.
Uh.
[YUNA]
Nah, it's okay.
You must be pretty hungry.
I don't mind if you go first.
[BROTHER 10A ] For real?
You're the best, Miss Yuna!
You are a bottomless pit.
[YUNA, BROTHER 10A chuckle]
[YUULA]
Yuna.
Now that the thieves
have been taken care of,
we'll be able to use
the coastal road to leave
and get more food and supplies.
So good!
We won't have to worry
about our kids starving.
So thank you for that.
We may not be able to fish, but
at least we can get supplies.
You've saved us all, Yuna.
[YUNA]
Aw, it wasn't that big a deal.
Here. Please enjoy.
Oh. Thank you so much!
[YUULA chuckles]
Looks awesome.
[YUNA]
Squid.
What's wrong?
Do you not like squid?
[YUNA]
Oh, sorry!
[YUNA gasps]
Delicious!
Good! Glad you like it.
[YUNA] Mm... Man,
if I just had some rice,
I could soak up the
leftover soup with it.
[YUULA]
It's nice, huh?
Sitting together and
cooking food in a big hot pot.
Big pot...
[DAMON]
What's wrong?
[YUNA]
No way!
'Kay, this cliff should be
high enough to keep me safe.
So let's see. Now I just
need something to use as bait.
It'd have to be pretty big
for a squid that size, though.
Maybe a giant worm or something.
[gasps] Wait a sec.
I've got one already.
[ATOLA] You're going
to take down the kraken?
Are you serious?
[YUNA]
Mm‐hm.
And just how do you plan
to fight a monster that size?
It's kinda crazy,
but just bear with me.
You've heard of hotpot before?
[ATOLA]
Mm...
Say wha‐‐?
Um, I don't know, Yuna.
It sounds pretty risky.
Don't worry; I'll be careful and
take things one step at a time.
Hey, so what's your deal?
Why are you going
so far for all of us?
I mean, you're not from here,
so it's not your problem.
There's just something here
I really want to protect.
Do I need a better
reason than that?
Oh, wow, Yuna! I'm so touched.
I didn't realize this town
and its people meant
that much to you!
Okay! I'm on board!
I'll help out however I can,
just tell me what to do!
Awesome, then do you think
you can go find me some rope?
Preferably as long as possible.
Also,
This is gonna be dangerous,
so can you tell everyone in town
to please steer clear of
the cliffs for a little while?
[ATOLA] All right,
I borrowed the longest rope
I could find from
one of the fishermen.
[YUNA] Mm. All we need
now is some bait.
Huh?
[ATOLA screams]
When you told me you were
gonna use a giant worm as bait,
I didn't think it would
be the size of a house.
Lemme guess‐‐
did you beat this, too?
Naturally. Right!
It's time for us to get to work.
Come help me tie
the rope around the worm.
Okay... I guess so.
[YUNA]
How's it going?
[ATOLA grunts]
Just finished.
I'm all ready over here!
Awesome, then
let's do some fishing.
Kumayuru, Kumakyu, please
push the worm into the sea.
[KUMAKYU, KUMAYURU grunt]
It's time to show
this monster who's boss.
It's not working.
[KUMAYURU, KUMAKYU]
Kuma.
Well, it's fine. Fishing
is all about patience.
[BOTH gasp]
What's wrong?
All right.
The kraken's here! Stand back!
[ATOLA]
Uh, got it!
Kumayuru! Kumakyu!
Go hold down the tree!
[KUMAYURU grunts]
[KUMAKYU squeaks]
[KUMAYURU, KUMAKYU grunting]
Hang in there,
you two! And now...
Bears of Earth... manifest!
[gasps]
Yuna!
Hey, I've got this.
[KUMAKYU, KUMAYURU]
Ku... ma...
Do you?
[YUNA groans]
[YUNA]
This level of magic
requires a super
insane amount of mana.
[YUNA grunting]
Whoa.
[gasps]
[KRAKEN roars]
Wow. It really worked.
[ATOLA]
You trapped it.
‐‐[YUNA panting]
‐‐[KUMAKYU, KUMAYURU whine]
Phase one is complete!
And now it's time
for some kraken hotpot!
[KRAKEN roars]
[gasps]
Man, that was a close call. Uh!
Well, I guess
regeneration does go along
with the whole
murder squid trope.
[FIRE BEARS, KUMAYURU, KUMAKYU]
Kuma! Kuma! Kuma! Kuma!
[YUNA yelling]
[panting]
[grunts]
[YUNA]
There's no escape!
[panting]
[KRAKEN roars]
This is a rough battle.
[YUNA] Maybe I should have
switched to the white bear side
so it could heal me as I fight.
Should I indulge in a quick
change to make things easier?
No, absolutely not!
I may be a warrior,
but I also value modesty!
[TOWNSPEOPLE murmuring]
Can anyone see what's happening?
[DEIGHA]
Let's see...
Rice! Miso! Soy sauce!
The bear girl's fighting it.
[YUNA panting]
[groans]
Man, I'm at my limit.
[KRAKEN roars]
[YUNA panting]
Operation squid hotpot is
now officially a success.
‐‐[ATOLA] Yuna?!
‐‐[KUMAKYU, KUMAYURU gasp]
[ATOLA]
She's asleep.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
We owe that little bear a lot.
I guess we'll have to feed her
even more delicious food, huh?
Steamed rice. Miso. Soy sauce.
Yuna's capable of
accomplishing impossible feats.
But then when she's sleeping,
she looks just
like a normal girl.
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma.